!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
-A	perlfunc.man	/^                -A
-B	perlfunc.man	/^                -B
-b	perlfunc.man	/^                -b
-C	perlfunc.man	/^                -C
-c	perlfunc.man	/^                -c
-d	perlfunc.man	/^                -d
-e	perlfunc.man	/^                -e
-f	perlfunc.man	/^                -f
-g	perlfunc.man	/^                -g
-k	perlfunc.man	/^                -k
-l	perlfunc.man	/^                -l
-M	perlfunc.man	/^                -M
-O	perlfunc.man	/^                -O
-o	perlfunc.man	/^                -o
-p	perlfunc.man	/^                -p
-R	perlfunc.man	/^                -R
-r	perlfunc.man	/^                -r
-S	perlfunc.man	/^                -S
-s	perlfunc.man	/^                -s
-T	perlfunc.man	/^                -T
-t	perlfunc.man	/^                -t
-u	perlfunc.man	/^                -u
-W	perlfunc.man	/^                -W
-w	perlfunc.man	/^                -w
-X	perlfunc.man	/^                -X
-x	perlfunc.man	/^                -x
-z	perlfunc.man	/^                -z
_exit	posix.man	/^    _exit
A	perlfunc.man	/^                -A
abort	posix.man	/^    abort
abs	perlfunc.man	/^    abs
abs_path	cwd.man	/^    abs_path
accept	perlfunc.man	/^    accept
access	posix.man	/^    access
acos	posix.man	/^    acos
alarm	perlfunc.man	/^    alarm
asctime	posix.man	/^    asctime
asin	posix.man	/^    asin
assert	posix.man	/^    assert
atan	posix.man	/^    atan
atan2	perlfunc.man	/^    atan2
atexit	posix.man	/^    atexit
atof	posix.man	/^    atof
atoi	posix.man	/^    atoi
atol	posix.man	/^    atol
B	perlfunc.man	/^                -B
b	perlfunc.man	/^                -b
basename	filebasename.man	/^    "basename"
bind	perlfunc.man	/^    bind
binmode	perlfunc.man	/^    binmode
bless	perlfunc.man	/^    bless
bsearch	posix.man	/^    bsearch
C	perlfunc.man	/^                -C
c	perlfunc.man	/^                -c
caller	perlfunc.man	/^    caller
calloc	posix.man	/^    calloc
carp	carp.man	/^    carp
case	switch.man	/^    Switch
ceil	posix.man	/^    ceil
chdir	perlfunc.man	/^    chdir
chmod	perlfunc.man	/^    chmod
chomp	perlfunc.man	/^    chomp
chop	perlfunc.man	/^    chop
chown	perlfunc.man	/^    chown
chr	perlfunc.man	/^    chr
chroot	perlfunc.man	/^    chroot
clearerr	posix.man	/^    clearerr
clock	posix.man	/^    clock
close	perlfunc.man	/^    close
closedir	perlfunc.man	/^    closedir
cluck	carp.man	/^    cluck
compare	filecompare.man	/^    The File::Compare::compare
compare_text	filecompare.man	/^    File::Compare::compare_text
confess	carp.man	/^    confess
connect	perlfunc.man	/^    connect
continue	perlfunc.man	/^    continue
copy	filecopy.man	/^    copy
cos	perlfunc.man	/^    cos
cos	posix.man	/^    cos
creat	posix.man	/^    creat
croak	carp.man	/^    croak
crypt	perlfunc.man	/^    crypt
ctermid	posix.man	/^    ctermid
ctime	posix.man	/^    ctime
cuserid	posix.man	/^    cuserid
cwd	cwd.man	/^    cwd
d	perlfunc.man	/^                -d
dbmclose	perlfunc.man	/^    dbmclose
dbmopen	perlfunc.man	/^    dbmopen
defined	perlfunc.man	/^    defined
delete	perlfunc.man	/^    delete
die	perlfunc.man	/^    die
difftime	posix.man	/^    difftime
dirname	filebasename.man	/^    "dirname"
div	posix.man	/^    div
do	perlfunc.man	/^    do
dump	perlfunc.man	/^    dump
Dumper	datadumper.man	/^    Dumper
dup	posix.man	/^    dup
dup2	posix.man	/^    dup2
e	perlfunc.man	/^                -e
each	perlfunc.man	/^    each
endgrent	perlfunc.man	/^    endgrent
endhostent	perlfunc.man	/^    endhostent
endnetent	perlfunc.man	/^    endnetent
endprotoent	perlfunc.man	/^    endprotoent
endpwent	perlfunc.man	/^    endpwent
endservent	perlfunc.man	/^    endservent
eof	perlfunc.man	/^    eof
errno	posix.man	/^    errno
eval	perlfunc.man	/^    eval
exec	perlfunc.man	/^    exec
execl	posix.man	/^    execl
execle	posix.man	/^    execle
execlp	posix.man	/^    execlp
execv	posix.man	/^    execv
execve	posix.man	/^    execve
execvp	posix.man	/^    execvp
exists	perlfunc.man	/^    exists
exit	perlfunc.man	/^    exit
exp	perlfunc.man	/^    exp
f	perlfunc.man	/^                -f
fabs	posix.man	/^    fabs
fast_abs_path	cwd.man	/^    fast_abs_path
fastcwd	cwd.man	/^    fastcwd
fastgetcwd	cwd.man	/^    fastgetcwd
fclose	posix.man	/^    fclose
fcntl	perlfunc.man	/^    fcntl
fdopen	posix.man	/^    fdopen
feof	posix.man	/^    feof
ferror	posix.man	/^    ferror
fflush	posix.man	/^    fflush
fgetc	posix.man	/^    fgetc
fgetpos	posix.man	/^    fgetpos
fgets	posix.man	/^    fgets
fileno	perlfunc.man	/^    fileno
fileparse	filebasename.man	/^    "fileparse"
fileparse_set_fstype	filebasename.man	/^    "fileparse_set_fstype"
find	filefind.man	/^    find
finddepth	filefind.man	/^    finddepth
flock	perlfunc.man	/^    flock
floor	posix.man	/^    floor
fmod	posix.man	/^    fmod
fopen	posix.man	/^    fopen
fork	perlfunc.man	/^    fork
format	perlfunc.man	/^    format
formline	perlfunc.man	/^    formline
fpathconf	posix.man	/^    fpathconf
fprintf	posix.man	/^    fprintf
fputc	posix.man	/^    fputc
fputs	posix.man	/^    fputs
fread	posix.man	/^    fread
free	posix.man	/^    free
freopen	posix.man	/^    freopen
frexp	posix.man	/^    frexp
fscanf	posix.man	/^    fscanf
fseek	posix.man	/^    fseek
fsetpos	posix.man	/^    fsetpos
fstat	posix.man	/^    fstat
fsync	posix.man	/^    fsync
ftell	posix.man	/^    ftell
fwrite	posix.man	/^    fwrite
g	perlfunc.man	/^                -g
getc	perlfunc.man	/^    getc
getchar	posix.man	/^    getchar
getcwd	cwd.man	/^    getcwd
getdcwd	cwd.man	/^    getdcwd
getegid	posix.man	/^    getegid
getenv	posix.man	/^    getenv
geteuid	posix.man	/^    geteuid
getgid	posix.man	/^    getgid
getgrent	perlfunc.man	/^    getgrent
getgrgid	perlfunc.man	/^    getgrgid
getgrnam	perlfunc.man	/^    getgrnam
getgroups	posix.man	/^    getgroups
gethostbyaddr	perlfunc.man	/^    gethostbyaddr
gethostbyname	perlfunc.man	/^    gethostbyname
gethostent	perlfunc.man	/^    gethostent
getlogin	perlfunc.man	/^    getlogin
getnetbyaddr	perlfunc.man	/^    getnetbyaddr
getnetbyname	perlfunc.man	/^    getnetbyname
getnetent	perlfunc.man	/^    getnetent
getopt	getoptstd.man	/^        getopt
GetOptions	getoptlong.man	/^    Getopt::Long
getopts	getoptstd.man	/^        getopts
getpeername	perlfunc.man	/^    getpeername
getpgrp	perlfunc.man	/^    getpgrp
getpid	posix.man	/^    getpid
getppid	perlfunc.man	/^    getppid
getpriority	perlfunc.man	/^    getpriority
getprotobyname	perlfunc.man	/^    getprotobyname
getprotobynumber	perlfunc.man	/^    getprotobynumber
getprotoent	perlfunc.man	/^    getprotoent
getpwent	perlfunc.man	/^    getpwent
getpwnam	perlfunc.man	/^    getpwnam
getpwuid	perlfunc.man	/^    getpwuid
gets	posix.man	/^    gets
getservbyname	perlfunc.man	/^    getservbyname
getservbyport	perlfunc.man	/^    getservbyport
getservent	perlfunc.man	/^    getservent
getsockname	perlfunc.man	/^    getsockname
getsockopt	perlfunc.man	/^    getsockopt
getuid	posix.man	/^    getuid
glob	perlfunc.man	/^    glob
gmtime	perlfunc.man	/^    gmtime
goto	perlfunc.man	/^    goto
grep	perlfunc.man	/^    grep
hex	perlfunc.man	/^    hex
import	perlfunc.man	/^    import
index	perlfunc.man	/^    index
int	perlfunc.man	/^    int
ioctl	perlfunc.man	/^    ioctl
isalnum	posix.man	/^    isalnum
isalpha	posix.man	/^    isalpha
isatty	posix.man	/^    isatty
iscntrl	posix.man	/^    iscntrl
isdigit	posix.man	/^    isdigit
isgraph	posix.man	/^    isgraph
islower	posix.man	/^    islower
isprint	posix.man	/^    isprint
ispunct	posix.man	/^    ispunct
isspace	posix.man	/^    isspace
isupper	posix.man	/^    isupper
isxdigit	posix.man	/^    isxdigit
join	perlfunc.man	/^    join
k	perlfunc.man	/^                -k
keys	perlfunc.man	/^    keys
kill	perlfunc.man	/^    kill
l	perlfunc.man	/^                -l
labs	posix.man	/^    labs
last	perlfunc.man	/^    last
lc	perlfunc.man	/^    lc
lcfirst	perlfunc.man	/^    lcfirst
ldexp	posix.man	/^    ldexp
ldiv	posix.man	/^    ldiv
length	perlfunc.man	/^    length
link	perlfunc.man	/^    link
listen	perlfunc.man	/^    listen
local	perlfunc.man	/^    local
localeconv	posix.man	/^    localeconv
localtime	perlfunc.man	/^    localtime
lock	perlfunc.man	/^    lock
log	perlfunc.man	/^    log
log10	posix.man	/^    log10
longjmp	posix.man	/^    longjmp
lseek	posix.man	/^    lseek
lstat	perlfunc.man	/^    lstat
M	perlfunc.man	/^                -M
m	perlfunc.man	/^    m
make_path	filepath.man	/^    make_path
malloc	posix.man	/^    malloc
map	perlfunc.man	/^    map
mblen	posix.man	/^    mblen
mbstowcs	posix.man	/^    mbstowcs
mbtowc	posix.man	/^    mbtowc
memchr	posix.man	/^    memchr
memcmp	posix.man	/^    memcmp
memcpy	posix.man	/^    memcpy
memmove	posix.man	/^    memmove
memset	posix.man	/^    memset
mkdir	perlfunc.man	/^    mkdir
mkfifo	posix.man	/^    mkfifo
mkpath	filepath.man	/^    mkpath
mktime	posix.man	/^    mktime
modf	posix.man	/^    modf
move	filecopy.man	/^    move
msgctl	perlfunc.man	/^    msgctl
msgget	perlfunc.man	/^    msgget
msgrcv	perlfunc.man	/^    msgrcv
msgsnd	perlfunc.man	/^    msgsnd
my	perlfunc.man	/^    my
next	perlfunc.man	/^    next
nice	posix.man	/^    nice
no	perlfunc.man	/^    no
O	perlfunc.man	/^                -O
o	perlfunc.man	/^                -o
oct	perlfunc.man	/^    oct
offsetof	posix.man	/^    offsetof
open	perlfunc.man	/^    open
opendir	perlfunc.man	/^    opendir
ord	perlfunc.man	/^    ord
our	perlfunc.man	/^    our
p	perlfunc.man	/^                -p
pack	perlfunc.man	/^    pack
package	perlfunc.man	/^    package
pathconf	posix.man	/^    pathconf
pause	posix.man	/^    pause
perror	posix.man	/^    perror
pipe	perlfunc.man	/^    pipe
pop	perlfunc.man	/^    pop
pos	perlfunc.man	/^    pos
pow	posix.man	/^    pow
print	perlfunc.man	/^    print
printf	perlfunc.man	/^    printf
prototype	perlfunc.man	/^    prototype
push	perlfunc.man	/^    push
putc	posix.man	/^    putc
putchar	posix.man	/^    putchar
puts	posix.man	/^    puts
q	perlfunc.man	/^    q
qq	perlfunc.man	/^    qq
qr	perlfunc.man	/^    qr
qsort	posix.man	/^    qsort
quotemeta	perlfunc.man	/^    quotemeta
qw	perlfunc.man	/^    qw
qx	perlfunc.man	/^    qx
R	perlfunc.man	/^                -R
r	perlfunc.man	/^                -r
raise	posix.man	/^    raise
rand	perlfunc.man	/^    rand
read	perlfunc.man	/^    read
readdir	perlfunc.man	/^    readdir
readline	perlfunc.man	/^    readline
readlink	perlfunc.man	/^    readlink
readpipe	perlfunc.man	/^    readpipe
realloc	posix.man	/^    realloc
realpath	cwd.man	/^    realpath
recv	perlfunc.man	/^    recv
redo	perlfunc.man	/^    redo
ref	perlfunc.man	/^    ref
remove	posix.man	/^    remove
remove_tree	filepath.man	/^    remove_tree
rename	perlfunc.man	/^    rename
require	perlfunc.man	/^    require
reset	perlfunc.man	/^    reset
return	perlfunc.man	/^    return
reverse	perlfunc.man	/^    reverse
rewind	posix.man	/^    rewind
rewinddir	perlfunc.man	/^    rewinddir
rindex	perlfunc.man	/^    rindex
rmdir	perlfunc.man	/^    rmdir
rmscopy	filecopy.man	/^    rmscopy
rmtree	filepath.man	/^    rmtree
S	perlfunc.man	/^                -S
s	perlfunc.man	/^                -s
s	perlfunc.man	/^    s
scalar	perlfunc.man	/^    scalar
scanf	posix.man	/^    scanf
seek	perlfunc.man	/^    seek
seekdir	perlfunc.man	/^    seekdir
select	perlfunc.man	/^    select
semctl	perlfunc.man	/^    semctl
semget	perlfunc.man	/^    semget
semop	perlfunc.man	/^    semop
send	perlfunc.man	/^    send
setgid	posix.man	/^    setgid
setgrent	perlfunc.man	/^    setgrent
sethostent	perlfunc.man	/^    sethostent
setjmp	posix.man	/^    setjmp
setlocale	posix.man	/^    setlocale
setnetent	perlfunc.man	/^    setnetent
setpgid	posix.man	/^    setpgid
setpgrp	perlfunc.man	/^    setpgrp
setpriority	perlfunc.man	/^    setpriority
setprotoent	perlfunc.man	/^    setprotoent
setpwent	perlfunc.man	/^    setpwent
setservent	perlfunc.man	/^    setservent
setsid	posix.man	/^    setsid
setsockopt	perlfunc.man	/^    setsockopt
setuid	posix.man	/^    setuid
shift	perlfunc.man	/^    shift
shmctl	perlfunc.man	/^    shmctl
shmget	perlfunc.man	/^    shmget
shmread	perlfunc.man	/^    shmread
shmwrite	perlfunc.man	/^    shmwrite
shutdown	perlfunc.man	/^    shutdown
sigaction	posix.man	/^    sigaction
siglongjmp	posix.man	/^    siglongjmp
sigpending	posix.man	/^    sigpending
sigprocmask	posix.man	/^    sigprocmask
sigsetjmp	posix.man	/^    sigsetjmp
sigsuspend	posix.man	/^    sigsuspend
sin	perlfunc.man	/^    sin
sinh	posix.man	/^    sinh
sleep	perlfunc.man	/^    sleep
socket	perlfunc.man	/^    socket
socketpair	perlfunc.man	/^    socketpair
sort	perlfunc.man	/^    sort
splice	perlfunc.man	/^    splice
split	perlfunc.man	/^    split
sprintf	perlfunc.man	/^    sprintf
sqrt	perlfunc.man	/^    sqrt
srand	perlfunc.man	/^    srand
sscanf	posix.man	/^    sscanf
stat	perlfunc.man	/^    stat
strcat	posix.man	/^    strcat
strchr	posix.man	/^    strchr
strcmp	posix.man	/^    strcmp
strcoll	posix.man	/^    strcoll
strcpy	posix.man	/^    strcpy
strcspn	posix.man	/^    strcspn
strerror	posix.man	/^    strerror
strftime	posix.man	/^    strftime
strlen	posix.man	/^    strlen
strncat	posix.man	/^    strncat
strncmp	posix.man	/^    strncmp
strncpy	posix.man	/^    strncpy
strpbrk	posix.man	/^    strpbrk
strrchr	posix.man	/^    strrchr
strspn	posix.man	/^    strspn
strstr	posix.man	/^    strstr
strtod	posix.man	/^    strtod
strtok	posix.man	/^    strtok
strtol	posix.man	/^    strtol
strtoul	posix.man	/^    strtoul
strxfrm	posix.man	/^    strxfrm
study	perlfunc.man	/^    study
sub	perlfunc.man	/^    sub
substr	perlfunc.man	/^    substr
switch	switch.man	/^    Switch
symlink	perlfunc.man	/^    symlink
syscall	perlfunc.man	/^    syscall
sysconf	posix.man	/^    sysconf
syscopy	filecopy.man	/^    syscopy
sysopen	perlfunc.man	/^    sysopen
sysread	perlfunc.man	/^    sysread
sysseek	perlfunc.man	/^    sysseek
system	perlfunc.man	/^    system
syswrite	perlfunc.man	/^    syswrite
T	perlfunc.man	/^                -T
t	perlfunc.man	/^                -t
tan	posix.man	/^    tan
tanh	posix.man	/^    tanh
tcdrain	posix.man	/^    tcdrain
tcflow	posix.man	/^    tcflow
tcflush	posix.man	/^    tcflush
tcgetpgrp	posix.man	/^    tcgetpgrp
tcsendbreak	posix.man	/^    tcsendbreak
tcsetpgrp	posix.man	/^    tcsetpgrp
tell	perlfunc.man	/^    tell
telldir	perlfunc.man	/^    telldir
tie	perlfunc.man	/^    tie
tied	perlfunc.man	/^    tied
time	perlfunc.man	/^    time
times	perlfunc.man	/^    times
tmpfile	posix.man	/^    tmpfile
tmpnam	posix.man	/^    tmpnam
tolower	posix.man	/^    tolower
toupper	posix.man	/^    toupper
tr	perlfunc.man	/^    tr
truncate	perlfunc.man	/^    truncate
ttyname	posix.man	/^    ttyname
tzname	posix.man	/^    tzname
tzset	posix.man	/^    tzset
u	perlfunc.man	/^                -u
uc	perlfunc.man	/^    uc
ucfirst	perlfunc.man	/^    ucfirst
umask	perlfunc.man	/^    umask
uname	posix.man	/^    uname
undef	perlfunc.man	/^    undef
ungetc	posix.man	/^    ungetc
unlink	perlfunc.man	/^    unlink
unpack	perlfunc.man	/^    unpack
unshift	perlfunc.man	/^    unshift
untie	perlfunc.man	/^    untie
use	perlfunc.man	/^    use
use 	use .man	/^    use 
utime	perlfunc.man	/^    utime
values	perlfunc.man	/^    values
vec	perlfunc.man	/^    vec
vfprintf	posix.man	/^    vfprintf
vprintf	posix.man	/^    vprintf
vsprintf	posix.man	/^    vsprintf
W	perlfunc.man	/^                -W
w	perlfunc.man	/^                -w
wait	perlfunc.man	/^    wait
waitpid	perlfunc.man	/^    waitpid
wantarray	perlfunc.man	/^    wantarray
warn	perlfunc.man	/^    warn
wcstombs	posix.man	/^    wcstombs
wctomb	posix.man	/^    wctomb
write	perlfunc.man	/^    write
X	perlfunc.man	/^                -X
x	perlfunc.man	/^                -x
y	perlfunc.man	/^    y
z	perlfunc.man	/^                -z
